Introductions:
Attention recruit! Your home planet of earth is under threat of invasion from neighboring planets. Their species are very hostile to humans, and they come to earth in search of our most valuable resource: water. High command has issued an order from Admiral Benjamin Pierce to launch a preemptive strike against the enemy combatants. You, recruit, will be presented with a series of missions, the goal being to conquer every neighboring planet in the space field. Good luck, and may the odds be ever in your favor.

Gameplay:
Each planet on the screen will be one of three colors: green (under your control with regeneration of forces), gray (no opposition to conquest), and red (opposition to conquest and degeneration of forces once conquered). Green planets will always stay under your control, gray planets once conquered will stay under your control and become green planets, but red planets will always oppose conquest. Each level will begin with at least one green planet under your control. Each planet has health that decreases when your forces attack (except for the green planets), but attacking a planet also expends forces. To attack a planet, simply click on a green planet and then click on a gray or red planet you wish to attack. In the center of each planet there are two numbers separated by a colon; the first number represents the number of forces you have at the planet, and the second number represents the health of the planet. Hence for green and gray planets, your forces will constantly increase, whereas for red planets, your forces will constantly decrease. Note that a red planet is considered under your control if its health is zero. But remember to keep up the forces on that planet, or the health will reset to the original and you will have to reconquer it. Also remember that the only forces at your discretion are those based in green planets. The forces already allocated to red planets cannot be reallocated. 

Trick:
The trick to this game is that you must beat each level within a certain time limit. The earth's space technology is still not extremely advanced, so staying in space beyond that time limit causes all forces to deteriorate and perish. So when playing, time is of the essence. To win any level, all planets must be under your control. How and when you attack is up to you.